Alright, so Anwar asks a React specific
question, if you use the use machine hook
and you want to avoid passing down
the props to the descendants,
is it okay to put them in context?
So you could put a service in context and
it's never gonna cause any updates.
And it's gonna do so for one reason and
that's because the service never changes.
You could subscribe to a service
to get its data updates, but
the service instance
itself will never change.
So, there is an example over
here if you go to recipes and
react, actually we have to go to Packages,
xstate/react.
And if you go to Services, There is
this well I guess it's not here,
useService, there it is.
There is a useService hook, so you could
grab that service from context, and
then use that service just
like you would use a machine.
And because that service never changes,
even as state is updated multiple times,
it's completely performance to
use that service in context,
grab it, and then call this use service.
So to get both the state,
and the Send method